Oh
I'm going to show you how to play skip
to my Lou my darling in the key of G you
know I'm going to show you a simple folk
version that's enough to get you started
and this has two core is the G chord and
the D chord the G bar we're going to put
our ring finger on the first string
second string is open third string is
open fourth string is open index finger
on the fifth string middle finger on the
sixth string put your ring finger on the
first string second string is open third
string is open with string is open
index finger on the fifth string middle
finger on the sixth string for the D
chord put our middle finger on the first
string ring finger on the second string
index finger on the third string fourth
string is open middle finger on the
first string
ring finger on the second string index
finger on the third string with string
is open
in
we'll skip to my Lou
little red way
well
skills
the right hand we're going to do a pic
strum pattern
for the G we make the sixth string and
slow pick the fourth strand six strings
strings strong
for the D we had the 4th strings pick
the 5th string string song it's string
strong
so it'd be like this
you
Oh
Plus bumper
and las got hurt
by
you
it
skip skip skip to my Lou skip skip skip
to my Lou skip skip skip to my Lou skip
to my darling little red wagon painted
blue little that wagon big blue little
red wagon painted blues get to my
darling
you